Modify Rule S5725: Improved its text (#1447)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5725/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

To check the integrity of a remote artifact, hash verification is the most
reliable solution. It does ensure that the file has not been modified since the
fingerprint was computed.

In this case, the artifact's hash must:

* Be computed with a secure hash algorithm such as `SHA512`, `SHA384` or `SHA256`.
* Be compared with a secure hash that was *not* downloaded from the same source.

> To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly, by following https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string].

Author: ```suggestion
To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly,
by following https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string].

```

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

To check the integrity of a remote artifact, hash verification is the most
reliable solution. It does ensure that the file has not been modified since the
fingerprint was computed.

In this case, the artifact's hash must:

* Be computed with a secure hash algorithm such as `SHA512`, `SHA384` or `SHA256`.
* Be compared with a secure hash that was *not* downloaded from the same source.

To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly,

> by following https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string].

Reviewer: I feel the word "tutorial" might be a bit demeaning for the reader.
```suggestion
by following https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's official documentation on how to generate integrity strings].
```

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

To check the integrity of a remote artifact, hash verification is the most
reliable solution. It does ensure that the file has not been modified since the
fingerprint was computed.

In this case, the artifact's hash must:

* Be computed with a secure hash algorithm such as `SHA512`, `SHA384` or `SHA256`.
* Be compared with a secure hash that was *not* downloaded from the same source.

> *Note: Use this fix together with version binding on the remote file. Avoid
> downloading files named "latest" or similar, so that the front-end pages do not
> break when the code of the latest remote artifact changes.*

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: I would push that below to avoid breaking the flow with "to do so".

> To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly. Follow these steps:

Reviewer: From "Follow these steps" I feel the content might become superfluous. All the steps described are detailed in Mozilla documentation. The hash generation script also is provided by Mozilla, in a shorter version.

Maybe it is sufficient to add a link to the appropriate documentation in the see section and end here.

> To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly. Follow these steps:
> 
> * download the remote artifact that is currently adding capabilities to your website
> * follow https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string]
> * prefix the value with the algorithm name, such as
> ** `sha512-`
> ** `sha384-`
> ** `sha256-`
> * add it in the `integrity` attribute of the `<script>` tag

Author: ```suggestion
To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly, by following https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string].
```

For example, the following bash command gives the correct integrity string for

> an example script that could be stored in `https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js`:

Author: ```suggestion
an example script that could be stored in `\https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js`:
```

> To check the integrity of a remote artifact, hash verification is the most
> reliable solution. It does ensure that the file has not been modified since the
> fingerprint was computed.
> 
> In this case, the artifact's hash must:
> 
> * Be computed with a secure hash algorithm such as `SHA512`, `SHA384` or `SHA256`.
> * Be compared with a secure hash that was *not* downloaded from the same source.
> 
> *Note: Use this fix together with version binding on the remote file. Avoid
> downloading files named "latest" or similar, so that the front-end pages do not
> break when the code of the latest remote artifact changes.*
> 
> To do so, the best option is to explicitly add the hash in the code. Follow these steps:
> 
> * download the remote artifact that is currently adding capabilities to your website
> * follow https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string]
> * prefix the value with the algorithm name, such as
> ** `sha512-`
> ** `sha384-`
> ** `sha256-`
> * add it in the `integrity` attribute of the `<script>` tag
> 
> For example, the following bash command gives the correct integrity string for
> an example script that could be stored in `https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js`:
> 

Author: ```suggestion
To check the integrity of a remote artifact, hash verification is the most
reliable solution. It does ensure that the file has not been modified since the
fingerprint was computed.

In this case, the artifact's hash must:

* Be computed with a secure hash algorithm such as `SHA512`, `SHA384` or `SHA256`.
* Be compared with a secure hash that was *not* downloaded from the same source.

*Note: Use this fix together with version binding on the remote file. Avoid
downloading files named "latest" or similar, so that the front-end pages do not
break when the code of the latest remote artifact changes.*

To do so, the best option is to add the hash in the code explicitly. Follow these steps:

* download the remote artifact that is currently adding capabilities to your website
* follow https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity#tools_for_generating_sri_hashes[Mozilla's tutorial on how to generate a hash string]
* prefix the value with the algorithm name, such as
** `sha512-`
** `sha384-`
** `sha256-`
* add it in the `integrity` attribute of the `<script>` tag

For example, the following bash command gives the correct integrity string for
an example script that could be stored in `https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js`:

```

----

> $ wget https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js` -q -O - \

Author: ```suggestion
$ wget https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js -q -O - \
```

> For example, the following bash command gives the correct integrity string for
> an example script that could be stored in `\https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js`:
> 
> ----
> $ wget https://cdn.example.com/3.5.6/framework.js -q -O - \
>     | shasum -b -a 384 - \
>     | awk '{ print $1 }' \
>     | xxd -r -p \
>     | base64 \
>     | awk '{ print "sha384-" $1 }'
> ----

Author: ```suggestion
```
